### Based on the application requirements for this version, I made the following decisions

1. Having an ec2 auto scaling group (ASG) to launch the web server instances in a scalable way.
2. The instances will be launched in private subnets that are connected to the public internet through a NAT Gateway.
2. Using an application load balancer (ALB) as a proxy in front of the web server instances.
3. The ALB runs a health check on the available instances every 5 seconds using HTTP protocol, declaring the instance unhealthy after two failed health checks. The ASG then will launch a new instance to replace the unhealthy one to provide high reliability for our web server.
5. Implementing SSL offloading on the ALB using a self-signed certificate that gets created in its own new stack within the app. This way HTTPS connection with the webserver is enabled. HTTP connections get automatically transformed to HTTPS and redirected to port 443 of the ALB. All traffic gets then forwarded to port 80 of the web server instances.
6. Since all we need to backup from the instances is the user data commands and the web content. Using AWS Backup would be quite cost inefficient and unneeded. Therefore a major change is made in the infrastructure by removing the whole backup stack and using a newly created S3 bucket where versioning is enabled to store that content. This way we get to keep versions of all the objects that get uploaded to the bucket and we can easily go back to a working version in case something gets messed up. The reason for creating a whole new bucket and not using the asset bucket as it was the case in V1.0 is that the asset bucket doesn't support versioning. The new bucket is encrypted using a customer-managed KMS key.
7. At a certain point I was thinking that it would be more efficient to use a Linux EC2 instance as an admin server. Then I realized after a discussion with the product owner that there might be Microsoft native tools needed to be installed on the admin server. Those Microsoft tools might not be Linux compatible. Therefore I decided to keep the Windows server and automate the installation of OpenSSH Server on it to optimize the SSH connection to the web server instances through the admin server as a jump-host.